---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "SAP BTP Custom Provider"
description: |-
  The custom Terraform provider for SAP BTP enables you to automate the provisioning, management and configuration of resources on SAP Business Technology Platform https://account.hana.ondemand.com/.
  Features
  Manage Credential Store PasswordsManage Business PartnersRead SAML 2.0 Destination Trust Certificates
  \#pfeift.
---

# SAP BTP Custom Provider

The custom Terraform provider for SAP BTP enables you to automate the provisioning, management and configuration of resources on [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://account.hana.ondemand.com/).

### Features

* Manage Credential Store Passwords
* Manage Business Partners
* Read SAML 2.0 Destination Trust Certificates

> \#pfeift.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `credstore_binding_parameters` (String, Sensitive) The credential binding parameters of the Credential Store API. This can also be sourced from the `CREDSTORE_BINDING_PARAMETERS` environment variable.
- `csln_domain` (String, Sensitive) The domain of the CSLN applications. This can also be sourced from the `CSLN_DOMAIN` environment variable.
- `cslncore_binding_parameters` (String, Sensitive) The credential binding parameters of the CSLN Core Application. This can also be sourced from the `CSLNCORE_BINDING_PARAMETERS` environment variable.
- `cslnparticipants_binding_parameters` (String, Sensitive) The credential binding parameters of the CSLN Participants Application. This can also be sourced from the `CSLNPARTICIPANTS_BINDING_PARAMETERS` environment variable.
- `destination_binding_parameters` (String, Sensitive) The credential binding parameters of the Destination Service API. This can also be sourced from the `DESTINATION_BINDING_PARAMETERS` environment variable.
